README.md, before:

# IEOR142-EV-registration-prediction
# Goal
The goal of this project is to predict the total registration number of electric vehicles in washington. 
# Method
We intend to use **linear regression , Cart, Random Forest and ARIMA models**.
# Steps
## Step 1 Find the data of EV registration (dependent variable)
data processed: The total registration of EV in washington each week for each zipcode
[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yvA6QSGX82xFxjYSa_GkTy_do4KOC22-9XSZPq0CU8E/edit#gid=885632676]


## Step 2 Find the data of independent variables
Data should be put inside [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yvA6QSGX82xFxjYSa_GkTy_do4KOC22-9XSZPq0CU8E/edit#gid=0] (raw data description)

**Possible independent variable**

Household-related attributes: household size, income, location


Trip attributes: daily trips


Enegry: Price differential between gasoline and electricity, CPIenergy


Average gasoline price in the U.S.: https://tradingeconomics.com/commodity/gasoline


Average Lithium-ion battery pack prices, $/kWh: https://tradingeconomics.com/commodity/lithium 


State/federal incentive events


Number of public-registered EV charging stations: https://openchargemap.org/site/develop/api




## Step3 Clean data and generate excel/csv file
See [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yvA6QSGX82xFxjYSa_GkTy_do4KOC22-9XSZPq0CU8E/edit#gid=0] ( sheet name processed data)
each independent variable should be added as a new column

## Setp4 Train data with different models

Commit message:

Git tutorial and changed file name

README.md, after:

# IEOR142-EV-registration-prediction
# Goal
The goal of this project is to predict the total registration number of electric vehicles in washington. 
# Method
We intend to use **linear regression , Cart, Random Forest and ARIMA models**.
# Steps
## Step 1 Find the data of EV registration (dependent variable)
data processed: The total registration of EV in washington each week for each zipcode
[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yvA6QSGX82xFxjYSa_GkTy_do4KOC22-9XSZPq0CU8E/edit#gid=885632676]


## Step 2 Find the data of independent variables
Data should be put inside [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yvA6QSGX82xFxjYSa_GkTy_do4KOC22-9XSZPq0CU8E/edit#gid=0] (raw data description)

**Possible independent variable**

Household-related attributes: household size, income, location


Trip attributes: daily trips


Enegry: Price differential between gasoline and electricity, CPIenergy


Average gasoline price in the U.S.: https://tradingeconomics.com/commodity/gasoline


Average Lithium-ion battery pack prices, $/kWh: https://tradingeconomics.com/commodity/lithium 


State/federal incentive events


Number of public-registered EV charging stations: https://openchargemap.org/site/develop/api




## Step3 Clean data and generate excel/csv file
See [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yvA6QSGX82xFxjYSa_GkTy_do4KOC22-9XSZPq0CU8E/edit#gid=0] ( sheet name processed data)
each independent variable should be added as a new column

## Step 4 Train data with different models
asdf asdf 


# Dev Setup Guide 
### Watch [this](https://missing.csail.mit.edu/2020/version-control/) if you want to learn more
```
Steps
1. Clone the repository to local:git clone https://github.com/RichZhou1999/IEOR142-EV-registration-prediction.git
2. Update the remote branch to local: git remote update
3. Checkout (move) to dev branch: git checkout -t origin/dev 

If you follow the above steps, you will be working at 'dev' branch. To make sure, type 'git branch'. It will show the following: 
* dev
main 

Now, if you make any file changes (add, delete, or update), you can add the files to staging by: git add <file 1> <file 2> ... 

After the files are being staged, commit by: git commit -m <msg of thhe commit>

Then push by: git push 

There will be a new Pull Request on Github which is a request to merge to main. After someone approves the PR (Pull Requests), merge.

```
